All Guests：
Sharpened Blade 1   Risk Level 1   Code: Damage1
Increase all Guests' outgoing Damage by 25%

Sharpened Blade 2   Risk Level 2   Code: Damage2
Increase all Guests' outgoing Damage by 50%

Sharpened Blade 3   Risk Level 3   Code: Damage3
Increase all Guests' outgoing Damage by 75%

Sharpened Blade 4   Risk Level 4   Code: Damage4
Increase all Guests' outgoing Damage by 100%

Concussing Strike 1   Risk Level 1   Code: BreakDamage1
Increase all Guests' outgoing Stagger Damage by 25%

Concussing Strike 2   Risk Level 2   Code: BreakDamage2
Increase all Guests' outgoing Stagger Damage by 50%

Concussing Strike 3   Risk Level 3   Code: BreakDamage3
Increase all Guests' outgoing Stagger Damage by 75%

Concussing Strike 4   Risk Level 4   Code: BreakDamage4
Increase all Guests' outgoing Stagger Damage by 100%

Powerful 1      Risk Level 1    Risk Bonus 10%        Code:Power1
All Guests' Dice gain 1 Power.

Powerful 2      Risk Level 2    Risk Bonus 30%        Code:Power2
All Guests' Dice gain 2 Power.

Powerful 3      Risk Level 3    Risk Bonus 50%        Code:Power3
All Guests' Dice gain 3 Power.

Surgery Enhancement 1   Risk Level 1   Code: Hp1
Increase all Guests' Max HP by 25%

Surgery Enhancement 2   Risk Level 2   Code: Hp2
Increase all Guests' Max HP by 50%

Surgery Enhancement 3   Risk Level 3   Code: Hp3
Increase all Guests' Max HP by 75%

Surgery Enhancement 4   Risk Level 4   Code: Hp4
Increase all Guests' Max HP by 100%

Experienced Combatant 1   Risk Level 1   Code: Bp1
Increase all Guests' Max Stagger Resist by 25%

Experienced Combatant 2   Risk Level 2   Code: Bp2
Increase all Guests' Max Stagger Resist by 50%

Experienced Combatant 3   Risk Level 3   Code: Bp3
Increase all Guests' Max Stagger Resist by 75%

Experienced Combatant 4   Risk Level 4   Code: Bp4
Increase all Guests' Max Stagger Resist by 100%

Unflappable    Risk Level 5   Code: NoBreak
For all Guests, Becoming Staggered does not temporarily change the character's resistances.

Purity      Risk Level 2    Code: NoDebuff
All Guests are immune to status ailment

Speedy Assault  Risk Level 3    Code: Quick
Speed values of the dices of all Guests change to the maximum possible value.

Angry 1      Risk Level 1    Code: Angry1
All Guests' Emotion Level are set to 1 if their Emotion Level are lower than 1

Angry 2      Risk Level 2    Code: Angry2
All Guests' Emotion Level are set to 2 if their Emotion Level are lower than 2

Angry 3      Risk Level 3    Code: Angry3
All Guests' Emotion Level are set to 3 if their Emotion Level are lower than 3



All Librarian：
Poor Maintaince 1   Risk Level 1   Code: Damage_L1
Reduce all Librarians' outgoing damage by 20%

Poor Maintaince 2   Risk Level 2   Code: Damage_L2
Reduce all Librarians' outgoing damage by 40%

Poor Maintaince 3   Risk Level 3   Code: Damage_L3
Reduce all Librarians' outgoing damage by 60%

Absentminded 1   Risk Level 1   Code: BreakDamage_L1
Reduce all Librarians' outgoing Stagger damage by 20%

Absentminded 2   Risk Level 2   Code: BreakDamage_L2
Reduce all Librarians' outgoing Stagger damage by 40%

Absentminded 3   Risk Level 3   Code: BreakDamage_L3
Reduce all Librarians' outgoing Stagger damage by 60%

Fatigue 1      Risk Level 1     Risk Bonus 10%        Code:Power_L1
All Librarians' Dice lose 1 Power.

Fatigue 2      Risk Level 2     Risk Bonus 30%        Code:Power_L2
All Librarians' Dice lose 2 Power.

Fatigue 3      Risk Level 3     Risk Bonus 50%        Code:Power_L3
All Librarians' Dice lose 3 Power.

Frangible 1   Risk Level 1   Code: Hp_L1
Reduce all Librarians' Max HP by 20%

Frangible 2   Risk Level 2   Code: Hp_L2
Reduce all Librarians' Max HP by 40%

Frangible 3   Risk Level 3   Code: Hp_L3
Reduce all Librarians' Max HP by 60%

Panic attack 1   Risk Level 1   Code: Bp_L1
Reduce all Librarians' Max Stagger Resist by 20%

Panic attack 2   Risk Level 2   Code: Bp_L2
Reduce all Librarians' Max Stagger Resist by 40%

Panic attack 3   Risk Level 3   Code: Bp_L3
Reduce all Librarians' Max Stagger Resist by 60%

Engulfed by Darkness 1   Risk Level 1   Risk Bonus 5%   Code: Darkness1
At the start of any act, all Librarian have 3 Light

Engulfed by Darkness 2   Risk Level 1   Risk Bonus 20%   Code: Darkness2
At the start of any act, all Librarian have 2 Light

Engulfed by Darkness 3   Risk Level 1   Risk Bonus 35%   Code: Darkness3
At the start of any act, all Librarian have 1 Light

Engulfed by Darkness 4   Risk Level 1   Risk Bonus 50%   Code: Darkness4
At the start of any act, all Librarian have 0 Light

Selfish     Risk Level 2    Risk Bonus 50%      Code: NoBuff
All Librarians are immune to postivie status

Self-abased     Risk Level 2        Code: NoEGO
All Librarians can no longer use EGO pages.

Unconcerned 1     Risk Level 2        Code: NoEmotion1
All Librarians are no longer susceptible to Tier 3 Abnormalities Card.

Unconcerned 2     Risk Level 2        Code: NoEmotion2
All Librarians are no longer susceptible to Tier 3, Tier 2 Abnormalities Card.

Unconcerned 3     Risk Level 2        Code: NoEmotion3
All Librarians are no longer susceptible to Tier 3, Tier 2, and Tier 1 Abnormalities Card.



Recpetion：(Contracts in this categories require the original recption reach their limitation to be actived)
REINFORCE!      Risk Level 4    Code: Duplicate
Add one extra wave consist of copy of random wave
Limitation: Reception other than Abnoramlity Rematches.

Last Stand      Risk Level 4    Code: Last
Only one floor of librarian can be involed in reception"
Limitation: The original reception didn't limit only one floor of Libarain can be involed.

Ambush 1         Risk Level 4    Code: LowFloor1 
Random 5 Floor of library is unavailabe for this reception
Limitation: At most 4 floors is unavailabe in the original recption.

Ambush 2         Risk Level 6    Code: LowFloor2 
Random 9 Floor of library is unavailabe for this reception
Limitation: At most 8 floors is unavailabe in the original recption.

Oversleep       Risk Level 4    Code: LowPeople
Reduce number of Maximun Available Librarians by 1
Limitation: There is a wave that allows at least 2 librarians into battle in original reception, 



Shi Association Section 2:
Past's Glory 1   Risk Level 2   Confict with The Backbone   Code: Shi_Yujin1
At her first appearance, Yujin recover 25% of Max HP. Increase the Minimun value of first die of Boundry of Death by 1

Past's Glory 2   Risk Level 3   Confict with The Backbone   Code: Shi_Yujin2
At her first appearance, Yujin recover 50% of Max HP. Increase the Minimun value of first die of Boundry of Death by 2

Past's Glory 3   Risk Level 4   Confict with The Backbone   Code: Shi_Yujin3
At her first appearance, Yujin recover 75% of Max HP. Increase the Minimun value of first die of Boundry of Death by 3

The Backbone 1   Risk Level 2   Confict with Past's Glory    Code: Shi_ValTem1
Increase Max HP and Stagger Resist of Tenma and Valentin by 25%; Speed of Tenma won't be lower than 3;
On win clash using a Combat Page with one non-Counter die, Valentin Destroy targets next 1 dices

The Backbone 2   Risk Level 3   Confict with Past's Glory    Code: Shi_ValTem2
Increase Max HP and Stagger Resist of Tenma and Valentin by 50%; Speed of Tenma won't be lower than 5;
On win clash using a Combat Page with one non-Counter die, Valentin Destroy targets next 2 dices

The Backbone 3   Risk Level 4   Confict with Past's Glory    Code: Shi_ValTem3
Increase Max HP and Stagger Resist of Tenma and Valentin by 75%; Speed of Tenma won't be lower than 7;
On win clash using a Combat Page with one non-Counter die, Valentin Destroy targets next 3 dices



The Crying Children (Reverbration):
Immolation 1   Risk Level 2   Conflict with Unspeaking   Code: Philip_Burn1
Increase Philip's Max Stagger Resist by 50%; OverHeat will only change Stagger Resisteance to Weak; 
Increase Outgoing damage by 3 when OverHeat

Immolation 2   Risk Level 3   Conflict with Unspeaking   Code: Philip_Burn2
Increase Philip's Max Stagger Resist by 50%; OverHeat will only change Stagger Resisteance to Normal; 
Increase Outgoing damage by 5 when OverHeat

Immolation 3   Risk Level 4   Conflict with Unspeaking   Code: Philip_Burn3
Increase Philip's Max Stagger Resist by 50%; OverHeat will only change Stagger Resisteance to Endured; 
Increase Outgoing damage by 7 when OverHeat

Unspeaking 1   Risk Level 2   Conflict with Immolation     Code: Philip_Silence1
Increase Unspeaking Childs' speed dice by 1; Attack pattern become more aggressive; 
Increase Max HP and Max Stagger Resist by 20%

Unspeaking 2   Risk Level 3   Conflict with Immolation     Code: Philip_Silence2
Increase Unspeaking Childs' speed dice by 1; Attack pattern become much more aggressive; 
Increase Max HP and Max Stagger Resist by 40%

Unspeaking 3   Risk Level 4   Conflict with Immolation     Code: Philip_Silence3
Increase Unspeaking Childs' speed dice by 1; Attack pattern become extremely much more aggressive; 
Increase Max HP and Max Stagger Resist by 60%

Weighty Cello    Risk Level 4   Code: Philip
Philip's Attack Pattern becomes more aggressive.



The Church of Gears:
Frantic Faith 1  Risk Level 2   Conflict with Body Guard   Code: Eileen_Production1
Increase Eileen's Max Hp by 50%;
Gear Worshipper gain 1 Speed dice, Max Light +2.

Frantic Faith 2  Risk Level 3    Conflict with Body Guard    Code: Eileen_Production2
Increase Eileen's Max Hp by 75%;
Gear Worshipper gain 1 Speed dice, Max Light +2, at the start of each Scene, gain 2 Smoke.

Frantic Faith 3  Risk Level 4   Conflict with Body Guard    Code: Eileen_Production3
Increase Eileen's Max Hp by 100%;
Gear Worshipper gain 1 Speed dice, Max Light +2, at the start of each Scene, gain 2 Smoke and recover 2 light and draw 2 cards.

Body Guard 1     Risk Level 2   Conflict with Frantic Faith   Code: Eileen_BodyGuard1
Increase Gear Whorshipper's Max HP and Max Stagger Resist by 50%;
Increase the Maximun value of second die of “Thought Gear: Brainwash” by 0; 
Whenever alive Gear Worshipper exist, Damage inflicted to Eileen will be transferred to alive Gear Worshipper.

Body Guard 2     Risk Level 3   Conflict with Frantic Faith   Code: Eileen_BodyGuard2
Increase Gear Whorshipper's Max HP and Max Stagger Resist by 75%;
Increase the Maximun value of second die of “Thought Gear: Brainwash” by 3; 
Whenever alive Gear Worshipper exist, Damage inflicted to Eileen will be transferred to alive Gear Worshipper.

Body Guard 3     Risk Level 4   Conflict with Frantic Faith   Code: Eileen_BodyGuard3
Increase Gear Whorshipper's Max HP and Max Stagger Resist by 100%;
Increase the Maximun value of second die of “Thought Gear: Brainwash” by 6; 
Whenever alive Gear Worshipper exist, Damage inflicted to Eileen will be transferred to alive Gear Worshipper.

Sharp Harp      Risk Level 4    Code: Eileen
Gear Worshipper gain unique deck of Combat Pages.



The Eighth Chef:
Season and Spice 1      Risk Level 2  Conflict with Mince and Mash    Code: Greta_Salt1
On Clash Win inflict 1 Paralyzed/Fragile/Bind randomly;Increase Inflicting Bleeding Stack by 1; 
Librarian being put to Staggered or into a sack will be inflicted permantly 1 Feeble and Disarmed (Stackable); 
Prioritize Librarian without status ailment and use “Mealtime” to Fresh Meat immediately.

Season and Spice 2      Risk Level 3  Conflict with Mince and Mash    Code: Greta_Salt2
On Clash Win inflict 1 Paralyzed/Fragile/Bind randomly;Increase Inflicting Bleeding Stack by 2; 
Librarian being put to Staggered or into a sack will be inflicted permantly 2 Feeble and Disarmed (Stackable); 
Prioritize Librarian without status ailment and use “Mealtime” to Fresh Meat immediately.

Season and Spice 3      Risk Level 4  Conflict with Mince and Mash    Code: Greta_Salt3
On Clash Win inflict 1 Paralyzed/Fragile/Bind randomly;Increase Inflicting Bleeding Stack by 3; 
Librarian being put to Staggered or into a sack will be inflicted permantly 3 Feeble and Disarmed (Stackable); 
Prioritize Librarian without status ailment and use “Mealtime” to Fresh Meat immediately.

Mince and Mash 1        Risk Levl 2    Conflict with Season and Spice   Code: Greta_Feast1
In first Phase, HP does not go below 50% and If HP drops to 60% or lower, proceeds to the next phase instead; 
When using “Into the Sack you go!”, use it to 0 more librarins; Increase Hp recovered from Fresh Meat by 50%.

Mince and Mash 2        Risk Levl 3    Conflict with Season and Spice   Code: Greta_Feast2
In first Phase, HP does not go below 50% and If HP drops to 60% or lower, proceeds to the next phase instead; 
When using “Into the Sack you go!”, use it to 1 more librarins; Increase Hp recovered from Fresh Meat by 100%.

Mince and Mash 3        Risk Levl 4    Conflict with Season and Spice   Code: Greta_Feast3
In first Phase, HP does not go below 50% and If HP drops to 60% or lower, proceeds to the next phase instead; 
When using “Into the Sack you go!”, use it to 2 more librarins; Increase Hp recovered from Fresh Meat by 200%.

Menacing Percussion     Risk Level 4    Code: Greta
At the Start of the Act, Gain 100 Resistance instead;
at the start of each three Scene, If this character has no Resistance, Gain 50 Resistance and Purge all status ailment instead.



The Musicians of Bremen:
Immerse Performance 1 Risk Level 2      Conflict with Influence with Passion    Code: Bremen_Self1
Speed Dice +1 and attack pattern becom more aggre.
Chorus at the Climax's effect will be applied to all targets and inflict extra 2 Bind next Scene.

Immerse Performance 2 Risk Level 3     Conflict with Influence with Passion    Code: Bremen_Self2
Speed Dice +2 and attack pattern becom more aggre.
Chorus at the Climax's effect will be applied to all targets and inflict extra 2 Bind Disarm next Scene.

Immerse Performance 3 Risk Level 4      Conflict with Influence with Passion    Code: Bremen_Self3
Speed Dice +3 and attack pattern becom more aggre.
Chorus at the Climax's effect will be applied to all targets and inflict extra 2 Bind Disarm Feeble next Scene.

Influence with Passion 1      Risk Level 2    Confict with  Immerse Performance  Code: Bremen_Group1
Allies except Bremen will be revived with Bremen's Emotion Level 2 Scene after their death as long as Bremen is alive.
Allies except Bremen gain 3 copy of "Everlasting Melody".
and when gaining Strength, Endurance, Haste, or Protection through Combat Pages give the same status effect to a random other ally (At most 1 times per Scene).

Influence with Passion 2      Risk Level 3    Confict with  Immerse Performance  Code: Bremen_Group2
Allies except Bremen will be revived with Bremen's Emotion Level 2 Scene after their death as long as Bremen is alive.
Allies except Bremen gain 3 copy of "Everlasting Melody", 3 copy of "Dark Shrine for Music".
and when gaining Strength, Endurance, Haste, or Protection through Combat Pages give the same status effect to a random other ally (At most 2 times per Scene).

Influence with Passion 3      Risk Level 4    Confict with  Immerse Performance  Code: Bremen_Group3
Allies except Bremen will be revived with Bremen's Emotion Level 2 Scene after their death as long as Bremen is alive.
Allies except Bremen gain 3 copy of "Everlasting Melody", 3 copy of "Dark Shrine for Music", 1 copy of "Trio".
and when gaining Strength, Endurance, Haste, or Protection through Combat Pages give the same status effect to a random other ally (At most 3 times per Scene).

Horn, Tuba and Trombone     Risk Level 4     Code: Bremen
Increase Max Stagger Resist to 200, Ignore ”Untargetable“ effect while using Melee Page. Take at most 15% of Max HP in one Scene.



The 8 o’Clock Circus:
Newcommers' Debut 1   Risk Level 2  Conflict with We do a little Trolling    Code: Oswald_Debut1
Mr. Knife's combnat pages are enhanced

Newcommers' Debut 2   Risk Level 3  Conflict with We do a little Trolling   Code: Oswald_Debut2
Mr. Knife's combnat pages are enhanced;  Ms. Mermaid gain 2 Speed Dice and becomes more aggressive

Newcommers' Debut 3  Risk Level 4   Conflict with We do a little Trolling   Code: Oswald_Debut3
Mr. Knife's combnat pages are enhanced, gain 1 Speed Dice and becomes more aggressive; Ms. Mermaid gain 2 Speed Dice and becomes much more aggressive

We do a little Trolling 1      Risk Level 2     Conflict with Newcommers' Debut      Code: Oswald_Troll1
Oswald will render Librarian with most damage dealt stupified instead; Reception will conclude if no non-stupified librarian exists.
Stupified Librarian Dice gain 2 Power.

We do a little Trolling 2      Risk Level 3    Conflict with Newcommers' Debut  Code: Oswald_Troll2
Oswald will render Librarian with most damage dealt stupified instead; Reception will conclude if no non-stupified librarian exists.
Stupified Librarian Dice gain 2 Power, Deal 50% more Damage and Stagger Damage.

We do a little Trolling 3      Risk Level 4    Conflict with Newcommers' Debut  Code: Oswald_Troll3
Oswald will render Librarian with most damage dealt stupified instead; Reception will conclude if no non-stupified librarian exists.
Stupified Librarian Dice gain 2 Power, Deal 50% more Damage and Stagger Damage, Gain 2 Speed Dice, Draw 2 more card at the Start of the Scene.

Throaty Clarinet      Risk Level 4    Code: Oswald
“Emma & Noah” will appear and its combat pages' dice are enhanced.



L’heure du Loup: 
Pinnical Strength 1   Risk Level 2  Conflict with One Man Army    Code: Tanya_Solo1
Remove Counter Dice from all Combat Pages. 
Upon being targeted one side attack, Use one of “Fistcuffs”,“Kick and Stomp”,“Lupine Onslaught”,“Intimidate” to clash with it.;
On Clash all Offensive Dice Gain 2 Power after First Scene.

Pinnical Strength 2   Risk Level 3  Conflict with One Man Army   Code: Tanya_Solo2
Remove Counter Dice from all Combat Pages. 
Upon being targeted one side attack, Use one of “Fistcuffs”,“Kick and Stomp”,“Lupine Onslaught”,“Intimidate” to clash with it.;
On Clash all Offensive Dice Gain 2 Power after First Scene, all Offensive Dice gain extra 2 Power after reached Emotion Level 3.

Pinnical Strength 3  Risk Level 4   Conflict with One Man Army   Code: Tanya_Solo3
Remove Counter Dice from all Combat Pages. 
Upon being targeted one side attack, Use one of “Fistcuffs”,“Kick and Stomp”,“Lupine Onslaught”,“Intimidate” to clash with it.;
On Clash all Offensive Dice Gain 2 Power after First Scene, all Offensive Dice gain extra 2 Power after reached Emotion Level 3,
all Offensive Dice gain extra 2 Power after reached Emotion Level 5.

One Man Army 1      Risk Level 2     Conflict with Pinnical Strength      Code: Tanya_Brawl1
Gain 2 Speed Dice, Attack pattern become more aggressive; Reduce incoming Damage and Stagger Damage by 20%;
If Tanya use Combat Page against same Librarian 4 times in one Scene, she will “see through” such librarian's attack;
In the next Scene, upon clash Tanya will nullify all dice from such librarian's Combat Pages.

One Man Army 2      Risk Level 3    Conflict with Pinnical Strength  Code: Tanya_Brawl2
Gain 2 Speed Dice, Attack pattern become much more aggressive; Reduce incoming Damage and Stagger Damage by 30%;
If Tanya use Combat Page against same Librarian 4 times in one Scene, she will “see through” such librarian's attack;
In the next Scene, upon clash Tanya will nullify all dice from such librarian's Combat Pages.

One Man Army 3      Risk Level 4    Conflict with Pinnical Strength  Code: Tanya_Brawl3
Gain 2 Speed Dice, Attack pattern become extremely much more aggressive; Reduce incoming Damage and Stagger Damage by 40%;
If Tanya use Combat Page against same Librarian 4 times in one Scene, she will “see through” such librarian's attack;
In the next Scene, upon clash Tanya will nullify all dice from such librarian's Combat Pages.

Dark Viola      Risk Level 4    Code: Tanya
Time for round Two can be triggered again. 
After this, Tanya recover HP equal to 10% of Max HP at the end of each Scene, and cannot be Staggered.



The Puppeteer:
Puppet Performance 1   Risk Level 2   Conflict with Strings Dexterity   Code: Jaeheon_Thread1
Boost Jae-heon's Counter dices' Power by 1; Immune to Damage and Stagger Damage as long as other alive ally exist; 
Increase Puppet Strings stack by 0 when it's first applied to Puppets.

Puppet Performance 2   Risk Level 3   Conflict with Strings Dexterity   Code: Jaeheon_Thread2
Boost Jae-heon's Counter dices' Power by 2; Immune to Damage and Stagger Damage as long as other alive ally exist; 
Increase Puppet Strings stack by 1 when it's first applied to Puppets.

Puppet Performance 3   Risk Level 4   Conflict with Strings Dexterity   Code: Jaeheon_Thread3
Boost Jae-heon's Counter dices' Power by 3; Immune to Damage and Stagger Damage as long as other alive ally exist; 
Increase Puppet Strings stack by 2 when it's first applied to Puppets.

Strings Dexterity 1   Risk Level 2   Conflict with Puppet Performance  Code: Jaeheon_Puppet1
3 Scene after Puppets lose Puppet Strings, Jae-heon will apply new Puppet Strings to them;
Increase Speed dice of Puppets with Puppet Strings by 1; Increase Jae-heon's Max Stagger Resist by 40%.

Strings Dexterity 2   Risk Level 3   Conflict with Puppet Performance  Code: Jaeheon_Puppet2
2 Scene after Puppets lose Puppet Strings, Jae-heon will apply new Puppet Strings to them;
Increase Speed dice of Puppets with Puppet Strings by 1; Increase Jae-heon's Max Stagger Resist by 70%.

Strings Dexterity 3   Risk Level 4   Conflict with Puppet Performance  Code: Jaeheon_Puppet3
1 Scene after Puppets lose Puppet Strings, Jae-heon will apply new Puppet Strings to them;
Increase Speed dice of Puppets with Puppet Strings by 1; Increase Jae-heon's Max Stagger Resist by 100%.

Shrill Second Violin    Risk Level 4   Code: Jaeheon
Jae-heon's Attack Pattern becomes more aggressive.



The Blood-red Moon:
Scorching Cross 1   Risk Level 2   Conflict with Feast  Code: Elena_Cross1
Upon hit 3 times by The Vermilion Cross will gain 1 Scorched in the next Scene
(Being Hit by The Vermilion Cross will reduce the stack by 1 and make her attack other random Librarian with damage boosed by 0%)

Scorching Cross 2   Risk Level 3   Conflict with Feast  Code: Elena_Cross2
Upon hit 3 times by The Vermilion Cross will gain 2 Scorched in the next Scene
(Being Hit by The Vermilion Cross will reduce the stack by 1 and make her attack other random Librarian with damage boosed by 25%)

Scorching Cross 3   Risk Level 4   Conflict with Feast  Code: Elena_Cross3
Upon hit 3 times by The Vermilion Cross will gain 3 Scorched in the next Scene
(Being Hit by The Vermilion Cross will reduce the stack by 1 and make her attack other random Librarian with damage boosed by 50%)

Feast 1   Risk Level 2   Conflict with Scorching Cross  Code: Elena_Zombie1
Elena will use Feast against Librarian with 20% Max HP or lower, turning them into Nameless Shell that will attack other Librarians;
Increase Elena's Max HP by 20%.

Feast 2   Risk Level 3   Conflict with Scorching Cross  Code: Elena_Zombie2
Elena will use Feast against Librarian with 25% Max HP or lower, turning them into Nameless Shell that will attack other Librarians;
Increase Elena's Max HP by 40%.

Feast 3   Risk Level 4   Conflict with Scorching Cross  Code: Elena_Zombie3
Elena will use Feast against Librarian with 30% Max HP or lower, turning them into Nameless Shell that will attack other Librarians;
Increase Elena's Max HP by 60%.

Introspective First Violin    Risk Level 4   Code: Elena
The Vermilion Cross and Elena's Attack Pattern becomes more aggressive.



Yesterday's Promise:
Indifference 1   Risk Level 2   Conflict with Crashing Barrier  Code: Pluto_Shadow1
Increase Shades' Max HP and Stagger Resist by 50%; Boost dice's Power against the Libarain copied from by 1.

Indifference 2   Risk Level 3   Conflict with Crashing Barrier  Code: Pluto_Shadow2
Increase Shades' Max HP and Stagger Resist by 65%; Boost dice's Power against the Libarain copied from by 2.

Indifference 3   Risk Level 4   Conflict with Crashing Barrier  Code: Pluto_Shadow3

Increase Shades' Max HP and Stagger Resist by 80%; Boost dice's Power against the Libarain copied from by 3.
Crashing Barrier 1   Risk Level 2   Conflict with Indifference  Code: Pluto_Barrier1
Librarian sent to Sealing Barrier take damage equal to 5% Max HP; Increase Pluto's Max HP by 100%; 
Increase Max Stagger Resist Librarian sent to Sealing Barrier by 30%.

Crashing Barrier 2   Risk Level 3   Conflict with Indifference  Code: Pluto_Barrier2
Librarian sent to Sealing Barrier take damage equal to 10% Max HP; Increase Pluto's Max HP by 100%; 
Increase Max Stagger Resist Librarian sent to Sealing Barrier by 40%.

Crashing Barrier 3   Risk Level 4   Conflict with Indifference  Code: Pluto_Barrier3
Librarian sent to Sealing Barrier take damage equal to 15% Max HP; Increase Pluto's Max HP by 100%; 
Increase Max Stagger Resist Librarian sent to Sealing Barrier by 50%.

Austere Pipe Organ    Risk Level 4   Code: Pluto
Release a new Random Contract per 3 Scene.